sample config updates (#4469)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/sample-config.md

* TOC
{:toc}

## Simple Configuration Examples

### Concurrent Workflow

> The example below shows a concurrent  workflow in which the `build` and `test` jobs run at the same time. Refer to the [Workflows]({{ site.baseurl }}/2.0/workflows) document for complete details about orchestrating job runs with concurrent, sequential, and manual approval workflows.

Author: ```suggestion
The configuration example below shows a concurrent  workflow in which the `build` and `test` jobs run at the same time. Refer to the [Workflows]({{ site.baseurl }}/2.0/workflows) document for complete details about orchestrating job runs with concurrent, sequential, and manual approval workflows.
```

> The example below shows a concurrent job workflow where the `build` and `test` jobs run at the same time, saving time. Refer to the [Workflows]({{ site.baseurl }}/2.0/workflows) document for complete details about orchestrating job runs with concurrent, sequential, and manual approval workflows.

Author: ```suggestion
The example below shows a concurrent  workflow in which the `build` and `test` jobs run at the same time. Refer to the [Workflows]({{ site.baseurl }}/2.0/workflows) document for complete details about orchestrating job runs with concurrent, sequential, and manual approval workflows.
```

> This image shows the workflow view for this configuration example:

Author: ```suggestion
This image shows the workflow view for the following configuration example:
```

![Concurrent Workflow Map]({{ site.baseurl }}/assets/img/docs/concurrent-workflow-map.png)

{:.tab.basic-concurrent.Cloud}
```yaml
version: 2.1

# Define the jobs we want to run for this project
jobs:
  build:
    docker:

>       - image: circleci/<language>:<version TAG>

Author: Should maybe be referring to the next gen images here?

      - test
```

### Sequential Workflow

> The example below shows a sequential job workflow where the `build` runs and the `test` job runs once it has completed. Refer to the [Workflows]({{ site.baseurl }}/2.0/workflows) document for complete details about orchestrating job runs with concurrent, sequential, and manual approval workflows.

Author: ```suggestion
The configuration example below shows a sequential job workflow where the `build` job runs and then the `test` job runs once `build` has completed. Refer to the [Workflows]({{ site.baseurl }}/2.0/workflows) document for complete details about orchestrating job runs with concurrent, sequential, and manual approval workflows.
```

> This image shows the workflow view for this configuration example, in which jobs run sequentially; one after the other:

Author: ```suggestion
This image shows the workflow view for the following configuration example, in which jobs run sequentially; one after the other:
```

![Sequential Workflow Map]({{ site.baseurl }}/assets/img/docs/sequential-workflow-map.png)

> {:.tab.basic-sequential.Cloud}

Reviewer: Is the only thing differentiating the Cloud version and the Server version the `version: 2.x` key? If so, at that point  it might just be worth having a single code sample for this block and setting it to 2.1 (and maybe just adding a comment that says ` # use "2.0" if you are using a server installatio of CircleCI`

Author: hmm yeah... The other difference is you need `version: 2` under workflows for 2.0 but not 2.1 🤔

Reviewer: Ah right, I missed that.

      - image: circleci/<language>:<version TAG>
    steps:
      - checkout
      - run: my-command

# Orchestrate our job run sequence
workflows:
  build_and_test:
    jobs:
      - build
      - test:
          requires:
            - build
```

{:.tab.basic-sequential.Server}
```yaml
version: 2
# Define the jobs we want to run for this project
jobs:
  build:
    docker:
      - image: circleci/<language>:<version TAG>
    steps:
      - checkout
      - run: my-command
  test:
    docker:
      - image: circleci/<language>:<version TAG>
    steps:
      - checkout
      - run: my-command

# Orchestrate our job run sequence
workflows:
  version: 2
  build_and_test:
    jobs:
      - build
      - test:
          requires:
            - build
```

### Approval Job

The example below shows a sequential job workflow with an approval step. The `build` job runs, then the `test` job, then a `hold` job, with `type: approval` ensures the workflow waits for manual approval before the `deploy` job can run. Refer to the [Workflows]({{ site.baseurl }}/2.0/workflows) document for complete details about orchestrating job runs with concurrent, sequential, and manual approval workflows.

> The following image shows the workflow view for this configuration example. This image has three parts to show the approval popup that appears when you click on a hold step, and then the workflow view again once the `hold` job has been approved and the `deploy` job has run:

Author: ```suggestion
This image shows the workflow view for the following configuration example. This image has three parts to show the approval popup that appears when you click on a hold step in the app, and then the workflow view again once the `hold` job has been approved and the `deploy` job has run:
```
